"I'm pregnant! Her own voice resounded into her head. Pregnant, Christian, her subconscious whispered out, pregnant with your child.

"Get out!" Christian literally screamed at his wife. Looking at her, he felt like his life was over. I wanted you! I only wanted you! You ruined us, Ana!

"Christian!" Ana begged, "I know this isn't what you wanted just yet, but-"

Turning to look at her, he tried to calm, running his hands through his hair in an added attempt, he tried to make sense, but he couldn't. Finally looking at her, he knew his eyes showed how angry he was, how infuriated he was at this news because Ana flinched under the gaze. "That child is not for us, Ana and until I'm ready, I am asking you to leave."

"You're not going to make me pick are you?" Ana asked as she remained in her spot, tears pooling ready to fall. Please Fifty don't make me! I can't! I won't! It would kill me! Her subconscious was doing a manic dance around to try and cause preservation within, her inner Goddess was still laying crumpled on the floor still awaiting her resurrection.

"I said stop with the water works," He banished her tears and disregarded how much she was hurting over this. This was all about the angry wrath that was tightening around him, killing him, breaking him. "How could you be so careless? How could you do this to us, Ana? How?" The last pleaded question was said with such desperation and lost.

Ana bit her lip, not with any sexual prowess or tease, but with nerves. Then suddenly, as the words registered her nerves dispersed into anger. "How did I do this? Me? It took the both of us to make this baby!" She suddenly bellowed, "You're as much at fault as me, Christian. Christ, I should have known that you were too perfect to just accept your part in this, because Christian Grey doesn't do things like this. Stupid, little Anastasia did this all by herself." Ana stepped dangerously close to Christian then, "I'd wake up and smell the coffee sooner rather than later, Mr. Grey."

Shaking his head, he spoke lowly to her, "Get out of my face. Out of my apartment. Just get out."

Ana didn't move, so Christian made her move. He pulled her through the house, throwing her heartless out of their Escala apartment and shut the door as if to metaphorically shut the door on their short life together. He had just thrown her out. If that screamed anything, it told her that ever getting pregnant was the one thing that would break the spell that was their love.

Her heart broke even more at that thought. If anything, she loved him more knowing she had his child growing within her, but he had thrown her out like a monster – like she was Leila.

Looking at the large door, Ana felt her legs buckle and as she fell to the floor she remembered all of her feelings she had felt when Dr. Greene had announced she was with child. Everything she had felt she had felt for a reason. Ana had felt the loss of this life, of the love of her life and she had felt damnation all before it was delivered to her.

"Mrs. Grey," Taylor's voice came as he left the apartment. He could hear her tears on the other side of the door, but he hadn't expected her to be quite so close still. He bent down and picked her up, "I've been ordered to take you back to your apartment."

Gasping, Ana looked up at the aging man with horrified shock, "My apartment."

"I'm sorry, Mrs. Grey, but Mr. Grey wanted me to," Taylor told her as he led her towards the elevator. "My only instruction is to get you back to your old apartment and make sure you are safe."

Why hadn't I sold that damn apartment? Then what would he have done? Put me in a hotel, alone? Allow me to stay in one of the hotels we had? Ana remained completely silent on the journey down to the car. Her detachment from every source of stimuli was scarily prominent. She didn't even move when the doors open, she just remembered Taylor pulling her out of shaft and towards the awaiting Audi.

"Mrs. Grey," Taylor called out, pulling her from her thoughts. "We're here."

Looking up, Ana sighed. They were home. Home. "You may as well start calling me Ms. Steele again, Taylor. I'm pretty sure soon you won't even need to be dealing with me," She paused, her eyes watering, "At Mr. Grey's commands of course."

Taylor's expression didn't change, "He'll come around soon... To this idea, that is."

"Maybe when it's too late," Ana murmured under her breath as she headed up to her apartment with Taylor. Once she was in, she realised that Taylor had a bag and she just pointed wordlessly.

"Mrs. Jones' packed an overnight bag," Taylor commented, not going into details. "I have to make sure the apartment's safe and secure before I head back to Escala, Mrs. Grey."

Oh, he does still have a heart! He heart flourished with the idea. Ana nodded, and eyed up the apartment as Taylor did a sweep. It's weird being here, no Kate, no Ethan, no Christian, no life. Ana hugged herself, protecting Blip with the motion and move further into the apartment. Going over to the window, Ana moved the curtain and expected to be greeted with the Seattle skyline she had come to love, but found herself being confronted with reality.

She was back at square one and Ana couldn't see passed that. She felt beyond abandoned and lost and the ache in her chest just couldn't be soothed.

"I'm done, Mrs. Grey," Taylor broke and when she turned around she saw a hint of sympathy. He handed her his handkerchief, much like he had when she had walked out on Christian months ago. She smiled and he dropped his hand down, "Make sure you lock up behind me. Good night, Mrs. Grey," He spoke and then was gone.

Ana heard him on the phone briefly just outside the door. He had obviously rang Christian with a report back and Ana couldn't help but be consumed with thoughts of Christian as the silence of the apartment crept towards her, ready to swallow her whole.

Realisation after realisation hit her, attacked her, scratched at her, burrowed into her every cell.

She was broken. Well and truly broken by the whirlwind life she had with Christian Grey. However, even in the darkness with that even darker thought taking her over, Ana realised she wouldn't want to leave without the memories of her short life with Christian. She didn't want to live without Christian either, but she knew she had broken an unspoken rule in their lives.

Going to her old bedroom, she fell on the bed. This wasn't right! This wasn't her home anymore. Crying hard, she pulled her pillows around her head, trying to silence herself some, but felt the rough cut of material cut her arm. She pulled at the item and was confronted with Charlie Tango and she lost her nerve again. She forgot it was still here. Lost in the madness of her new life – old life, whatever life – she had forgotten, thinking she had taken it with her.

Her mercurial man wasn't going to come and save her now. He was mad, rightly so because so was she. A baby was too early for the both of them, but she loved it because it was a part of her Fifty. It might be bad timing now, but in the long run it would be perfection that the whole world would see and she would love her Little Blip forever. Even if that meant that she didn't have her husband, her fifty shades, the love of her life. Clutching the deflated Charlie Tango to her chest, Ana closed her eyes to forbid the sobs from becoming earth shattering.

Oh Fifty. Fifty. Fifty. Baby Fifty.

Christian needed to come to terms with how life was transcending, but to blow off Taylor and his family's concern had not been the original plan to do so. He had planned to go home and drown his sorrows, but instead he decided he needed to be careless and angry away from anyone he had any emotions towards.

Having watched Ana leave the car so dejectedly and sad he had felt the stab in his heart, letting him know that his heart would always be around as long as Ana was involved in his life. He had told her time and time again 'I'm fifty shades, baby', and yet she never ran; not after the first time and certainly not after the billionth time. She should have run a long time ago, taking with her his heart, but she didn't.

Having gotten into the fastest car out of his collection, he drove like a maniac. He almost took Ana's Audi R8 just so he could have a piece of her close, but he decided against it. He didn't want to kill himself and a car she loved if luck had it his way.

So once he had his decision made, he just drove. He had no direction, no reasonable purpose, just the ability to drive.

Christian pushed the speed limit before breaking straight passed it without a care to anyone's safety. He did want this baby. Crazily wanted the part of Ana that would be eternal and perfect just like his wife was, but he was losing it. The thought made him test the gas in his car, teasing the pedal as he did so. He wanted his wife back in their bed, sharing their home once more. As the thought registered he pushed harder, not relenting on the pedal. He didn't want to be alone anymore. He pushed harder onto the gas, gaining even more speed. He didn't want to suffer the torment of nightmares alone. The engine roared at him and he didn't care for recklessness of any of it. He wanted his life back in one piece!

As that last thought filtered through his entire body, he released the gas and allowed the car to slow on its own before pulling to a complete stop. Placing his head against the steering wheel, he ran his hands over his head and let out a near sob. He cried unashamedly at the torture he had first placed on himself and then allowed Ana to press upon him, and he realised he deserved it all.

Years of believing he had no heart turned out false and he still didn't believe he was worthy of a heart when all Ana had ever done is love that one part of him. She loved him like no other had before, regardless of his flaws, of his truths, of his nature, she had stayed and in one moment of creating something so innocent from their many nights together, he had feared the love it would give him.

Ana would never know how much he wanted to love that child because that wasn't in his nature. He was a selfish man, and he was greedy. One part of him wanted to keep Ana all to himself – no baby included. Whilst the other wanted him to have the wife and the child to seal the deal on his happiness.

Christian raised his head as police lights blazoned around him and he noticed one was pulled behind him. He jumped as a knock came to his window and reeled the window down; all thoughts forgotten and brandished a smirk, thinking only about his wealth, as he readied to sweet talk his way out of the law.


An almost DUI, six bottles of beer, two scotches and a botched phone call later, Christian knew he had hit rock bottom. He had never felt like this and he knew he was pretty sure he never wanted to sink quite so long ever again.

"Christian," Elena's voice poured out from behind him made him drop back down to earth with a hard and heavy thump. Feeling her hand run across his back as she passed him was breathtakingly normal, but he found it harder than usual to catch his breath once she was sat before him.

Everything was changing! Every feeling in him no longer felt familiar and yearned for. He no longer felt alive at knowing she was around. The one woman that had always known the real Christian down to the core no longer felt right to know all that she did.

As he looked at her, he felt his skin boil. All of the feelings, the reasons he protected her against Ana's wrath, the reasons why he kept going back disintegrated instantly. Feelings of comfort and lust were now replaced with icy pain as it threaded throughout his body before igniting into anger.

Christian what did you do? How could you let her do that to you? She's the animal in all of this! You would never let your son go through what she subjected you to! No one will ever have to touch your child like that.

As she reached for his hand, he pulled back immediately, not wanting to feel her touch.

She might have taught him to be the man he was, but Ana was teaching him the way to be the man he had always wanted to be. Memories from his past attacked him, yet each and everyone was eclipsed by Ana – Her beauty, her wit, her courage, her sweet giggle, her love, even her dominance.

All of the bad suddenly had meaning. Had he not suffered, he would not be the man that stood tall and powerful today. Without it all, he would never have been given Ana - the most treasured piece of priceless beauty ever to grace his world.

That statement said more than it needed to for him.

"I only see a future with you, Ana", were the words he had whispered to her on their wedding night and had repeated ever since. "Only you, Ana. My Ana." Christian didn't know what he was doing having called Elena, but it was a mistake and he hated himself for it. As he slid into his own sorrows again he realised his actions made him feel sick to his stomach.

He was one callous bastard, but one that had a woman that was willing to give him everything for their shot of happiness. He was one loved Fifty Shades.

Taking his silence as a reason to take dominance, Elena hatched a plan to win him over. Getting up, Elena scooped her perfectly blonde hair to the side as she set her hair over one shoulder and went to him sliding down onto his lap.

Feeling violated by her sudden presence, Christian acted out. Between the alcohol in his system and the ache of his entire body at the thought of life without of Ana, Christian's priorities became more than abundantly clear.

Pushing her off with distaste, he stood and looked down at her, readying to hit her with some venomous statement that would keep his monstrous persona alive. She deserved worse treatment than what Ana had received when he threw her out, but Christian found it to be futile. He was tired of being the bad guy. How was he supposed to change to win Ana back, if he was always being the villain? He had nothing worth saying to her that would be it, but he knew he needed a parting summation to put a close on this for good.

Leaning down as she remained shocked on the floor, Christian spoke lowly, "I want you to leave myself and my family alone from now on, Elena," Christian told her, his eyes heated with undying aggression as years of torment came out with full force. "I find you near Ana again and I will make sure you wished you had never met me." He final cut ties, the ties that Ana had begged him to cut for months.

Christian then did the one thing he knew how to: He ran to his wife and didn't look back.


Waking up to darkness, Ana sucked in a deep breath and stared upwards at the ceiling above her. Even in this light she could tell the ceilings were off white and not perfected like Escala. Sensing someone's presence in the room with her once again, she sucked in a deep breath before braving the inspection. Sliding up, she saw Christian sitting opposite her on the chair in the corner, his eyes closed, his posture ready to crucify him when he woke up.

Her heart pounded and her hand ran across her stomach. Daddy's here, Little Blip. Ana smiled sweetly, but she still felt like she was grieving. She just didn't know what – her marriage, the loss of her love, their baby, the life she loved? There before her, in his sleep, was her Christian – her vulnerable, unaware, innocent Christian. The man who had broken her heart so many times only to repair it and strengthen it thereafter had come back to her in the middle of the night.

Even in his sleep she couldn't deny the troubled expression he had carried into his slumber mirrored the turmoil they had in life.

Ana listened to his breathing change as he began to stir and he opened his eyes and blinked a couple of times to make his vision focus on her, and then they sat in silence, just staring at one another in the near darkness of the room. The only light streaming in came from the street below only offering minimal lighting.

One of them needed to talk and soon. God did they?

Get rid of the elephant in the room Ana! She knew she couldn't say anything else other than what was weighing her heart down at that moment. It was stupid how shy he made her, how controlled he had when she had to fight it, but she had to fight back and she had to be stern. He had hurt her in the car with his decision for the baby and he needed to know that however little the words dripped out.

Shakily, she started, "You want me to get rid of the baby," Ana began to tell him, keeping herself wrapped up in the sheet as though to shield herself from his ability to take over her senses as he got up from his seat and went towards her. "I won't do it, Christian, I can't." She let her lip quiver as her emotions came unbound and as he slipped onto the bed, she said her final piece that had been waiting for freedom since he had told her to get rid of this baby. "I love you so much, but I can't give up either of you. Not now, not ever."

Then, as if a prayer was answer, Christian finally spoke, "I know, Ana. I don't want you to either."

It didn't give them the new lease on life, but it was a start.

One week! A week, Ana! One whole week! Seven long days! That's one hundred and sixty eight hours! Gosh, that's ten thousand and eighty minutes!

"Yeah, a week," Ana broke into Mia's over exerted ramble about how long her and Christian had been apart. Like she needed help!

"No wonder he's a wreck!" Mia exclaimed in her usual over dramatic way.

"He's a wreck?" Ana gasped in horror and remembered how he begged her never to leave her and she felt the crushing guilt take over. No, Ana! He pushed you out remember? He made you leave him, not the other way round. He made you leave your home and husband.

"When I was round there on Saturday he looked like he had been crying," Mia sighed and her eyes glazed as she thought about how badly her brother and sister-in-law were suffering. "I don't know what happened between the two of you, but I want you two to be back together and happy like you were in Aspen."

Ana's eyes watered at the memory. God was she missing him. She missed the touches, the easy elicit of power and lust, the sex – the controlled version and the pure love making one. She missed the way he ran his hand through his hair, and the way he got mad at her at the easiest thing. She missed how he wanted her to never leave him and how he let go of all of his fears for her.

It was only now that Ana realised she missed it all, and she had to see this through before she could fall back into that life. She was worth fighting over! She had to believe that she was worth that much.

Kate then decided to try and dig for information, "Why are you living apart?" She asked as she took the olive from her homemade martini and popped into her mouth. "And why aren't you drinking with us?"

"I need a clear head," Ana quickly replied and smiled. "And I can't tell you why."

"Why?" Kate pushed onwards.

"Because it's messy and I'll just end up crying," Ana told her best friend and felt the tears begin to fall. "Like they are now!" Feeling her stomach flip, Ana knew she had to run to the bathroom before she threw up. It was late on a Tuesday and here she was with morning sickness, great! "Excuse me," She said and pushed off of the couch. She was just happy she could use the crying as an excuse and not tell them about the pregnancy yet.

"I hate seeing them both like this," Mia sighed heavily as she watched Ana disappear. "They're so lifeless without one another." Mia continued and Kate nodded and as the key to the door sounded, she took her martini and swallowed it in swift gulp.

Mia looked at Kate excited as she watched her brother's form enter the apartment. There plan to invite him over had worked. He stopped and looked at them, his eyes darting around the rest of the room to seek out his wife.

"Where is she?" Christian asked as he put the bags onto the kitchen counter and scanned the room once more for signs of his wife.

"Bathroom," Mia told her brother and offered him a smile. "How you doing?"

"Not good, Mia," Christian told her honestly and placed his hands to the counter top to steady himself, "I feel like my life's over without her around."

"You'll sort it out," She responded as she stepped towards her brother with a reassuring smile. "I know you will."

Hearing the toilet flush, Christian decided to get his sister and Kate out before Ana made an appearance. "Go on, go," He pushed his sister and looked at Kate. "Elliot misses you, so maybe you should go and spend some time with him and not my wife."

"She's my best friend, Christian," Kate retorted, stating the obvious. "She's hurting – badly."

"I know," Christian murmured back. God, do I know.

"Do you?" Kate asked him, her tone dangerously heated.

"C'mon, no fights. Not now," Mia said grabbing Kate by the hand, shocking her out of her angry demeanour. "Let's leave them alone. We can ring Ana tomorrow for the details."

Christian watched as both women disappeared from the small apartment and he sighed. One problem was sorted; now he just had to face his biggest demon and try and start making this right. He owed her that.

He watched her enter the room and halt mid step, "Why are you here?" Ana asked and looked behind her to see if Mia and Kate were watching on before she carried on this conversation. "I thought you had business to attend to in Portland?"

Christian narrowed his gaze on her, "Are you sick?"

"Morning sickness," She muttered and slipped onto one of the stalls by the kitchen island. "It's a hell of a lot of fun," She tried to buzz with confidence and happiness, but talking to him about this made her feel weird and uncomfortable. Regardless of his admittance of not wanting her to get rid of the baby, they barely uttered a word or two about it. "Now answer me," She moved the subject away again, not wanting to get into an argument over the baby again.

"I've barely seen you, how can I make it right if I don't see you?" His tone was sorrowful, pathetic even.

"You can't give up work for me," Ana told him, her eyes looking on disapprovingly. Don't stop life, Christian, her subconscious screamed from within. "How are you ever going to get work done if you're here?"

"Ros went," Christian replied, "He sorted it." He looked at Ana as she sat opposite him, her eyes tirelessly watching him, her lips parted a little and he wished so much to kiss her, take her there on the kitchen floor, but he had to restrain. If he did that, if he took control like he always did, he ran the risk of pushing her farther away.

"Okay then," Ana suddenly spoke quietly and nodded a little in resignation. "Now, why are you here and why have Mia and Kate left? Answer me that, Mr. Grey."

Oh, I'm Mr. Grey again! Christian didn't say a word. He put his hand in his back pocket and leaned down onto the counter top. "I found this," He said and pushed the photograph across the counter top.

Little blip!

"Oh Christian," Ana lost it now. She had lasted the rest of the week without any mega watershed and now she saw her and Christian's baby displayed before her she lost her cool. As his arms wrapped around her, Ana gave into her grief and guilt, "What have I done to us?"

"No, Ana, what have we done to us," Christian said as he accepted his blame in making this baby. He might have accepted the baby into their lives the previous week, but now he finally saw the baby of its entire worth. "This is both our faults."

As Ana listened, she couldn't deny that she felt like God himself had come down to offer her that sentence. "I'm sorry, Christian, but I do choose this defenceless baby," She breathed out at him and dropped her head. "I keep thinking about what your mother did to you and I-"

"That part of my life is over. Done with, so leave it be," Christian said, his tone warning her to stop. He didn't want to hear it.

She shook her head, "I can't just leave it!" She told him with her feisty nature. "I will not let this baby suffer for what she did. I am not her, however much I look like her, Christian, I am not her. I love your baby so much that it hurts to think that you don't. I love this baby because it's part of you and it's a part of you that I will love forever. I don't intend to abandon it or neglect it, however scared I am about the future, I know my love for your baby is something I will never, ever stop."

Good Ana, you fight your ground!

"I love you, and I'm mad at you for making me feel like I can't decide what would make me happiest when I know it's going to take both of you to make me happy. This baby and you are what make me happy, but I know that I'm going to lose one of you to keep the other. I can feel it."

"I refuse to lose you," Christian told her honestly. I won't ever lose you, Ana.

"You will lose me with all of the pressure," Ana told him sorrowfully, her hand going subconsciously to her stomach, whilst her other barely allowed her finger tips to touch the small photo of the unborn Baby Grey.

"I promise you, I won't ever make you decide," Christian told her as he tried to relax slightly. "But I can't condone that I feel like we're ruined."

"I know," She said quietly before looking up at him, their eyes meeting. "I still need time, Christian."

"Okay," Christian finally relented, his tone giving up the power as he admitted defeat. "You come home when you need to."

"No pressure?" She asked and he shook his head, "No choices?" Again the same response was administered and Ana relaxed. Progress, Ana! You're breaking your fifty shades down! He's growing up!

"I'm only going to pressure you to eat," He told her with a smirk. "Can you cope with that kind?"

She nodded as normalcy settled back for a moment, "I am hungry," She said and eyed the tubs of food. "What are you making me?"

"Macaroni and cheese," He told her, and flashed her that childlike grin as he had done before when he had made them this meal last.

"What no blind fold?" She asked him and watched him grin before shaking his head. She shrugged and watched him, "Perfect," Ana whispered as she settled at the island in the kitchen and watched him fix it together so he could heat it up.

This notion of bringing her dinner without her knowing was the sort of thing that Ana needed from him. She needed to feel her worth to him. It was small, what some people would call insignificant things that made her heart blossom and beat that extra beat.

It was as he tidied up after their meal that he rang down to Taylor to say he would be ready to leave and Ana felt the loneliness begin its slow walk in, getting ready to wrap itself around her and taunt her in her less than perfect sleep.

"Stay," Ana requested as he readied to leave. She watched him freeze to look at her and in her tired, miserable mind, she felt desperate for his comfort. "Please don't leave me tonight."

It was all it took for Christian to dismiss Taylor, forget about the washing up and take his wife to bed.

Falling asleep against her husband's chest was like heaven on earth.

Even her inner goddess and subconscious calmed enough to rest.

This wasn't an instant remedy to their problems, but it got them away from the starting line again.

Shooting awake, Ana let out an almost strangled cry. Looking to the window she shot up stricken, there was someone on the fire escape, she was sure of it. Her breathing raced, her heart pounded and she couldn't do a thing as she just stared at the window.

"Ana," Christian spoke softly having woken up to the noise of her scream.

"Th-There was someone out there," She pointed to the window without hesitation. "There was someone on the fire escape, I'm sure of it." She had the sense of foreboding settle upon her like she had when Leila had snuck in and stood at the foot of the bed just watching.

Not leaving her side, Christian grabbed his Blackberry and dialled a number, not breaking contact with Ana. "Taylor, I need you to check the outside of the building for anyone near the fire escape... No, Ana thought she saw someone... Yes... I'm not taking any chances... Thank you," He closed the call and looked at Ana as she sat clearly still shaken.

Ana felt him take her to the kitchen to get her a drink, but she couldn't stop shaking or looking at the window. Even as he scooped her up into his arms and carried her, only to set her down on the counter top she was elsewhere. Grabbing a glass of water he passed her it and watched her down the entire thing.

"You weren't this shaken up over Leila," Christian commented. "So what aren't you telling me?" He furrowed his brow, "God forbid if you tell me something you've been keeping from me, Ana."

"I keep thinking someone's watching me," She told him, her tone nervous. Should have told him before!

Running his hand through his hand, Christian tried to steady his breathing, "I don't feel good leaving you here, Ana," Christian told her in a matter-of-fact tone. "We're going back to Escala right now. You've spent long enough being little Miss Independent that I'm now calling the shots."

She fought back instantly, "This doesn't change a thing," She whispered to him. "Nothing's changed, and I don't want to leave. Just because someone might or might not be watching doesn't mean that you can just take charge and demand I listen. Christian, being like that is what got us part the way to this point."

"Why won't you listen to me?" Christian ground out at her. "You feel like you're being watched and look at the state of you. Why won't you just come home?"

"Because I am still mad at you, and I need to get my independence back if we're ever going to work!" She told him honestly, her voice settling back down after the shake. "This is what I mean about you. You putting your weight around and telling me what I can and cannot do, Christian, is what's making me resist going home!"

Realising he had to give her the benefit of the doubt, even against his need to rule her, he took her in his arms, "I should spank you so bad right now," Christian whispered as he kissed into her head, remaining completely unmoved.

"But you won't... not tonight," Ana replied, shocking herself that the only thing she needed from was physical contact. There was no need for sexual gratification and even though the idea of him spanking her made her bite her lip and want it, she didn't want to spoil what was happening between the pair of them.

As she felt his hand grasp her hair and hold her close, she realised that this separation was changing the dynamics of them, but it didn't matter where she was or what she wanted from him, she had what she needed most at that moment – comfort.

"Ana, you're being irrational right now," Kate tried to fight against her friend's grasp. She pulled Ana to a halt in the middle of the street, ignorant of Taylor's vastly approaching figure. "What the hell is going on? You were just fine, you were enjoying yourself and then you just went all weird on me."

Trying to find the words, Ana really felt like she was losing control. This could not be happening! Not when she was struggling with a marriage crisis! She hated this feeling, the only time she enjoyed being like this was at Christian's peril when he had her blind folded or bound or both – whether it be for sexual gratification or to feed her.

Ana needed sanctuary so that she could find some strength and think more settled over what was happening.

"Mrs. Grey?" Taylor asked as he caught up to them after he had bolted from his place in the driver's seat. "Are you ready to go home now? I thought you and Miss. Kavanagh had dinner reservations."

"We need to go," Ana started, "We're being followed. I'm sure of it, Taylor."

Taylor acted quickly, not taking time to question Ana's rationality and he didn't allow Kate to fight free. He had strict training and even stricter orders and he was not going to break either. If there was one thing, he liked knowing that Ana was truly able to accept the protection recently without endangering herself and riling Christian in the process.

"Escala, Ma'am?" He asked as he quickly took his place behind the wheel.

Yes! Ana chewed on her lip, "No, Taylor, my apartment please." She wanted to run to Christian, but Ana being Ana still wanted to fight him; she wanted to save preservation and keep some feel on independence.

"Ana," Kate started warily, she was aware of her best friend's mood swings, but this was just insane. "Who is following us?"

"Jack," Ana replied as the calmness from sitting in the Audi wrapped around her.

Kate gasped then, "As in Jack Hyde?" She asked slowly, "The reason why we're all under such high security?"

As Ana nodded, Kate just took Ana in her arms and allowed her to do what she needed – cry out this moment, leave it in silence, even scream it out. God she hated feeling so mixed up.

"He was everywhere!" Ana exploded at her best friend as she pulled back, "Please, just trust me on this one, Kate. I wouldn't scare you like this."

Watching on thoughtfully, Kate tried to make sense of this, "Okay," She relented with sigh. "But I'll have you know, Steele, that you haven't been on point for weeks now and I'm starting to worry about you."

"I know," Ana told her, her tone dipping an octave as her gaze dived down to her lap.

As they pulled to a halt at traffic lights, Ana heard Taylor answer his phone before turning slightly to her. "Mrs. Grey," Taylor cut into her thoughts, "It's Mr. Grey for you."

Reaching over, Ana stole the phone from his hand and raised it to her ear. "Hi," Ana managed, her voice coming out quietly for him, apprehensive as to what his mood would be doing.

"I'm coming over, but are you okay?" Christian asked her quickly. "I heard you thought you were being followed."

"We were being followed," Ana spoke without thought. After the fire in the computer room, and everyone taking charge to up security, Ana felt like she couldn't be carefree over this anymore, not with the baby. She missed being able to disregard her own self-preservation, especially when she wore it like a shield. Maybe if you were still at home you wouldn't be like this, Ana. You might be more up the fight against the world if you weren't fighting your husband so much! Her subconscious cruelly spoke. Shaking her inner feelings, Ana gave in and decided to tell Christian her suspicions and would fight him for all details if push came to shove. "It's Jack, Christian!" Ana sobbed into the phone, "He was following me and Kate."

"I need you to calm down, Ana," Christian spoke to her calmly, but she could tell he was becoming the calculating mastermind. "He will not be touching you or getting near you anytime soon. What are you doing now?"

"I'm with Taylor and Kate, we're going to the apartment, but," She hiccupped as she calmed slightly, "I need you."

"Oh, Ana," His tone softened immediately at hearing her need for him; at giving him her vulnerable form. "I'm on my way."

Feeling even more settled at the thought of being reunited with Christian, Ana calmed. "I love you," Ana whispered, it was all she could manage to speak and right that moment, she felt like she was freefalling.

"I love you too. Laters, Baby," He spoke before hanging up the phone, catching her on the way.

"Well it's good to know Mr. Control can control your moods still," Kate quipped from her seat in the car as she watched Ana almost slump into her seat. She saw Ana laugh a little at that comment and she joined her, "I miss the happy you."

"It's a tough time at the moment to be the happy me," She deflected and looked up knowing she had to give her friend something to satisfy her inner reporter. It was either answer the questions before they were asked or be bombarded until you suffocated. "But until Jack is finished and done with completely I can't rest properly without thinking that I'm waiting on one of you to be hurt."

"That won't happen," Kate fought back with clear force.

"Nothing in this world is a guarantee," Ana replied as she looked out of the window and was happy to see their apartment block drawing ever closer.


Christian, upon entered the apartment, made a bee line directly at Ana. He never said as word, just pulled her up and kissed her, hugged her, gave her the ability to open her eyes and stop being so irrational over this.

"It was Jack that night wasn't it? Out on the fire escape, it was him," She saw he wasn't going to share, but she needed to know for peace of mind. "Wasn't it, Christian?" She pressed on and as he nodded, she just broke down into a fresh flood of tears. The sudden overwhelming culmination hitting her harder than she had expected it to now that Christian was here to keep her safe.

"I didn't tell you because I wanted to protect you, but he was caught on CCTV," He apologised to her and grasped her face in his hands. "I'm upping security on you, Mrs. Grey. I meant it when I said he wouldn't get near you again."

"I know," Ana managed before her lip quivered. Her thoughts were so fright with images of Jack hurting one of the people she loved most – Especially Christian – that she was becoming more and more overwhelmed. Never did she see herself as the target, but always her family.

Grazing his hand down her jaw in attempt to calm her, he shook his head and tried to bite down his anger. "I think this is lack of a good night sleep fuelling this too," Christian said as he inspected the growing darkness under her eyes. "I'm going with lack of food as well," He almost growled at that realisation.

"And the baby," She murmured to him. It was going to be an elephant in the room whatever, but Ana knew her influx of emotions were to do with the hormones brought on by the pregnancy. "It's a dangerous mix."

All of a sudden the room came back into focus and the pair remembered that Taylor and Kate were in the room with them – Neither really knowing about the baby.

"Hang on a moment, you never told someone was around the apartment," Kate's eyes blazoned with realisation, "And you didn't tell me about you being pregnant either! It explains a hell of a lot, but how could you?" She gave Christian a dirty look before looking to Ana with absolute hurt. "Ana, I thought we were sisters, I thought we told each other everything."

Trying to save face, Ana felt the familiarity of guilt rise in her once more. "I'm sorry I never told you, Kate. Ever since I've found out, life hasn't been," She sighed and flashed her gaze to Christian for a moment, "the same."

"I don't know what's going on in your life anymore, Ana. I don't know who you are anymore," Kate diminished Ana's attempt to apologise. "It's just secret after secret. I don't know you anymore and if being married to him is going to do that I won't stand around and watch."

"Kate, please," Ana tried as she jumped to her feet to rush to her best friend's side. The moment she got close, she could sense the coldness from Kate and she knew she deserved it for the dishonesty, but she couldn't deny how badly it hurt.

"Leave me alone," Kate quietened her and grabbed her purse, readying to flee the small apartment.

Christian, having looked at Taylor looked back to Kate, "You allow Sawyer to take you to Elliot. Jack's still out there and we don't know where, but we know he's targeting people close to Ana and myself."

Wow! Someone's giving out information willingly, Ana thought as she watched this scene act. Even though she was hurting over Kate, she was shocked to core that Christian held nothing back from Kate, even though she was in the room with them both.

"Whatever," Kate muttered and left the apartment without any regard to Ana or anything else.

Well done, Ana! You've really done it now!

Ana should have known this would happen. She should have guessed that keeping Kate at such a distance with her new life would soon come back and bite her on her perfectly firm ass. She just never expected it to burn quite so badly. She guessed she seemed to have no luck gauging those feelings at all lately.

Reeling more from Kate's hostility than anything else, Ana looked to Christian, "I'm tired." For now she wanted to sleep and find a way to work on extinguishing her flaming subconscious from burning to death.

"I'll be in soon," Christian told her. "There's some things I want to discuss with Taylor first."

Seems there are more secrets than he's letting on after all, Ana! Spoke too soon. "Find me in the shower if you want to, Mr. Grey," Ana offered to him as she tried to strike some semblance of a normal life between them. She was hoping she could draw information out of him if she offered herself up to him; a minor form of blackmail forming in her mind.

Picking herself and her worries up, Ana made her way into the bathroom so she could take a shower. She didn't stand around and listen in on purpose, but she was spent, well and truly physically and mentally spent and so her feet didn't drag her anywhere in haste.

"Mr. Grey," Taylor interjected, "You're needed in Boston first thing in the morning. I can have everything secure."

Christian shook his head, work would wait, "I won't be letting her out of my sight. I have other priorities beside work right now."

Taylor nodded and excused himself to help do a sweep of the apartment block, leaving the couple to get settled for the night.

Ana didn't fall asleep like Christian did once they had claimed their places in bed. She lay awake, her mind a whirlwind with how life was transcending. Jack Hyde was now out there hunting them down or so it appeared. No one was safe and her heart ached at the thought of Jack hurting any one of her family – Christian especially.

Suddenly, Christian thrashed next to her before groaning in his sleepy state. "I'm losing you," Christian mumbled in his sleep. "Ana, I'm losing you."

Oh, my fifty shades, you're not losing me!

Leaning in, touching him she felt her heart grip in a vice, "Christian," She called out to him. "Christian, it's me, Ana, I'm here. Please wake up," She commanded him and slowly he slowed his restlessness and opened his eyes. "I'm here."

"Oh, Ana," He whispered to her, never more thankful to wake and find her here with him. After a few moments, his brow furrowed and anger stirred in him, "You're too awake," He commented and watched her nod a little.

"Happens when you don't fall asleep to begin with, Mr. Grey," Ana retorted as she fell back to the mattress and lay staring up at the ceiling.

"You shouldn't be losing sleep over this, Ana," Christian told her as they now lay curled up and not on separate sides of the bed. "He isn't your worry when Taylor and his men are looking after us. I promise you, Jack will be dead before he lays even a finger on you."

As he pulled her to his body roughly holding her as though to prove a point, Ana couldn't wipe away the feeling of foreboding that was kidnapping each and every one of her cells.

She just had to believe that Christian would keep her safe however, whenever and wherever.
